# To Hire or Not to Hire
## Early Bird
Monica is talking to her assistant Patricia.

__Monica:__ Hi, Patricia, how are you?

__Patricia:__ I’m good thanks. How about you?

__M:__ Not bad, but I’m a bit sleepy.

__P:__ I don’t know why these job fairs are always so early.

__M:__ Right?! 8 a.m.! Crazy!

__P:__ Exactly! So anyways, what candidates are we looking for today?

__M:__ Oh, we need two UX designers, and we really really need a social media manager.

Monica is a full-time recruiter at an International Software Development company in New York City called Snapple. Her job is to hire candidates.

--

Monica is ready to become the HR Manager at her company. But her boss is not sure. Here is a message from him.

Monica, good morning. We really need a social media manager. We have a new Mexican client. Please do your best. I know you want to become our HR Manager, show me you can do it.

--

__Patricia:__ Social media manager? You mean the person who posts pictures on Facebook and Instagram?

__Monica:__ Yup, exactly. Why? Do you know someone?

__P:__ Well, actually, yeah. My cousin. He works at a private clinic. He does advertisements on social media for them.

__M:__ Oh, but he has a job already?

__P:__ Well, yeah. But he only works part-time. He goes to the office two or three times a week, I think. So he wants to change jobs.

__M:__ Well, yeah, our position is full-time. So, what’s he like?

__P:__ Well, he’s very smart. He reads a lot. How about I tell him to send you his resume?

__M:__ Sure, tell him to send it to our HR email. OK, let’s get ready for the job fair. It starts in 10 minutes.

> **Global English**
>
>In the US and Canada, resume means hoja de vida.
>
>In Europe, CV means hoja de vida.


## How to Use Present Simple for the Present and the Future

Hoy vas a aprender a utilizar el Presente Simple para hablar de hábitos, verdades generales y eventos futuros fijos.


We like novels. You work at Yandex.

**Every day**

Judy’s lesson ends at 10 p.m. Let’s drive her home after it.
The concert starts in 10 minutes. Hurry up! I don’t want to miss it.

**The future**

He works at a marketing agency.

**Verdad o hábito común**

He reads a lot.

**Verdad o hábito común**

It starts in 10 minutes.

**Actividad agendada en el calendario**

I makes a cake.
She reads a lot and I read a lot too.
They reads newspapers.

**No**

> Not quite correct. You only add s to the verb in the third person singular (after he, she, it). So “I makes a cake.” and “They reads newspapers.” are not correct. The correct sentences are “I make a cake.” and “They reads newspapers.” without the s.

--

work in a big company

**I, you, we, they ...**

like tea

**I, you, we, they ...**

works in a big company

**He, she ...**

likes tea

**He, she ...**

read novels

**I, you, we, they ...**

reads novels

**He, she ...**

--

Trabaja en una agencia de marketing.

He **works** at a marketing agency.

El lee mucho.

He **reads** a lot.

La reunión comienza en 10 minutos.

The meeting **starts** in 10 minutes.

> **Tip**
>
>Por lo general, se añade una s, pero a veces el verbo cambia:
>
>Have cambia a has: He has a job.
>
>Go cambia a goes: He goes to the offices two or three times a week.
>
>Do cambia a does: He does advertisements for them.