# How to Describe Someone
Aprende a describir personas usando adjetivos posesivos y a dar información sobre ellas y sus relaciones con otras personas.

>Stan: My sister’s a good person to ask. She’s a teacher. Her students love her!
>
>Stan: His name is Adam. He’s the older one. His brother’s called Joe.

Use **her** for women and **his** for men.

| SP      | DS |
| ----------- | ----------- |
| I | My |
| he | his |
| she | her |
| you | your |
| we | our |
| they | their |

## Pronunciation for Listening
¡Aprende a escuchar cómo se habla en la vida real!

> La “d” de called es difícil de escuchar. Utiliza el contexto y tus conocimientos gramaticales cuando escuches para entender mejor.
>
> **His brothers call Joe.** = Sus hermanos llaman a Joe.
>
> **His brother’s called Joe.** = Su hermano se llama Joe.


# Practice
Para practicar cómo describir personas, completa la conversación de Andy y Emma acerca de sus series favoritas.

__Andy:__ Let’s talk about *our* favorite TV series. My favorite series is Modern Family! Gloria and *her* son are the best!

__Andy:__ Phil is cool, but *his* wife is really complicated!

__Andy:__ Mitchell and Cameron live together and *their* friend Pepper visits often.

__Andy:__ What’s *your* favorite TV series, Emma?

__Emma:__ I prefer cartoons. *My* favorite one is Rick and Morty. Rick’s a scientist and Morty is *his* grandson.

__Emma:__ Beth is Rick’s daughter and *Her* husband is called Jerry.

__Emma:__ Beth and Jerry always disagree with *Their* daughter, Summer.