# The Story

## In the Wax
__Adam:__ Hey, Joe. Are you hungry?

__Joe:__ Yes, I am.

__A:__ Do you want some fruit?

__J:__ Yeah. I really want some apples.

__A:__ Apples? Wait here. There’s a shop over there.

## Food Shop

__Stan (Shop owner):__ Hello there.

__Adam:__ Hello.

__S:__ Are you from around here? I don’t know you and this is a small town. I know everyone here.

__A:__ Yeah, we’re not from here.

__S:__ Oh, okay. So, what’s your name?

__A:__ It’s Adam.

__S:__ Well, it’s nice to meet you Adam.

__A:__ Yeah. Nice to meet you too.

__S:__ How old are you, Adam?

__A:__ I’m 17.

__S:__ Oh. 17 is a good age! I remember it. I am nearer 70 now! Well, here’s your fruit. Do you want anything else?

__A:__ No, thanks. My brother only eats fruit.

__S:__ Okay. Well, see you around.

__A:__ Thanks. Bye.

## In the Wax

__Adam:__ Here you are. They ask a lot of questions here!

__J:__ I’m tired.

__A:__ Okay. There’s a park over there. Let’s rest.

__J:__ Yeah. Sleep sounds good.

## At the Hairdresser's

__Bob:__ So, who are the new boys in town?

__Stan:__ I don’t know. They aren’t from here. They’re brothers. The older kid is 17. That’s all I know.

__B:__ It’s all a mystery. We don’t normally see strangers here.

__Adam:__ Excuse me. I’d like a haircut.

__Bob:__ Sure. Take a seat. Give me 10 minutes.

__Stan:__ Well, hello again, Adam. How are you?

__A:__ I’m good, thank you.

__B:__ Where are you from, Adam?

__A:__ It’s complicated. My parents don’t live in a town. They live in the woods.

__B:__ The woods? Interesting. What do they do for work?

__A:__ They don’t work.

__B:__ Do they know where you are?

__A:__ Yeah. We want to live in a town now, not in the woods. They know we’re here.

__B:__ Well, that’s good.